---
title: Holger Dalkmann
info: Climate Compatible Growth (funded by FCDO)
image: /images/people/holger-dalkmann.png
---

Holger Dalkmann advises CCG on their national and international partnership strategy as well as leading the research on electrifying transport. He has over twenty-five years of experience working in the field of transport, cities, sustainability, and climate change. He is founder and CEO of his own business (Sustain 2030) based in Berlin, Germany. He operates as an independent consultant providing strategic and technical advice for a variety of organizations like the German Technical Cooperation (GIZ), Kreditanstalt für Wiederaufbau (KfW), World Bank, Asian Development Bank, Volvo Research Foundation (VREF), UNCRD, and Agora Verkehrswende. For FCDO, he works as a Senior Advisor on High Volume Transport (HVT) where he recently published several documents on COVID-19 impacts on the transport sector. He is a frequent speaker and moderator at international events. Since 2018 he has been a member of the Steering Committee of the World Conference for Transport Research Society. Holger is one of the co-founders of the Partnership on Sustainable Low Carbon Transport (SLOCAT). He has been on the SLOCAT board since 2013 and acted as Interim Secretary General in 2018. From 2011 until 2017 he worked for the World Resources Institute in Washington, D.C. He was Director for its Sustainable Mobility programme (EMBARQ), which catalysed environmentally and financially sustainable urban transport solutions to improve quality of life in cities with six offices around the world. He was responsible for more than 150 employees. During his former work at the UK-based consultancy, TRL, and for ten years at the Wuppertal Institute for Energy, Climate and Environment (Germany), a world respected think tank, Holger worked in more than thirty countries on mobility, environment, and climate change. Holger holds a Master’s degree in Geography and taught at the University of Duisburg and University of Trier. He has published over 100 articles including the influential Avoid-Shift-Improve concept.
